Once you have that understanding very deeply, stony, perfectly, then you show the second absolute
truth which is then incountable absolute truth.
That means no poem, no I, not using as word absolute truth. Straight forward, straight forward as
it is, no poem, no I.
That means everything is ordinary, is empty in status, yet it is, is apparently state and the union
of the absolute and relative as it is ordinary.
There is nothing really needed. Nature is nature. This is all. So then, therefore, you may then
show this countable, sorry, incountable absolute truth.
Because of these two reasons, in the bodhisattvayanas, then as you heard, Svatrantika Madhyama
schools and the Prahsangma Madhyama schools,
that also two schools mainly developed from where they are ushering to the student or the
practitioner's intro, the enlightened status, or where the practitioner is ushering to the beyond
the grasping.
And there is Svatranta Madhyama school and the Prahsangma Madhyama schools. So now, so that is
really about the absolute truth and the relative truth.
In the reality level, what these two are? There is two different things. No, it's all the same.
There is no really two different things.
Only looking at different angles of this, the nature or this phenomena of ourself, only we are
looking at different angles.
When we look at the different angles, then there is aspect of emptiness, there is aspect of the
appearance, and therefore, it is known as one natural, two aspects.
Both are same. Even though they are different, looks like quite different in the duality mind, it
is same. There is no difference.
Relative truth is absolute truth. Absolute truth is relative truth. There is no difference. It is
one natural, two aspects. That is what these two truths are.
Now, so now, how we see? Now, this emptiness. Emptiness. How are we going to say emptiness?
It is the same way as in a kyarvaka yana and a partigbudayana as we discovered or as teaching two
of the egolessness.
And this is the same method. Nothing is any difference. We have to establish it. The first, or I
mean way of establishing this is the first personal ego every speed.
Again, where is this ego? Where is my ego? It is out or it is in, it is talking, looking, searching
through the top of the head all the way to the bottom of the feet.
Searching, looking. There is no independent existing 'I' of egoless.
And then where is the focus now? That is really about the sub-egolessness, emptiness, realizations.
And now, looking to the knowledge or this external identity of the all egolessness.
And now, for example, we think of this table. Where is really this table? Where is this table?
Again, looking thoroughly, trying to bring separate table from these formations.
And there is no separate table from these formations. And then this formation is something existing
originally? No. It is just temporarily. Somebody did this.
It is nearly arrived, newly created version of that. So this table, what is this table then? It is
this name. Name and the formation that we put there.
That there is no really actually table came with that word or this formation. We name it. And the
formation itself is the same way. It is combination of so many elements.
As we went this morning. The interdependent coordination system. So many. There is no one solid
entity with this table materials.
There is so many things. So many combined. And the gross level. Pile, water, wind, earth. The poor
poems. Those poor causal poems.
And then so much. Then boat element, ferro may be larger, that which means art element. So forth.
It is just combination of that.
And then behind that, again it goes deeper. It is all started with atoms. And then if we go from
that atoms, again go that job. It is varnished.
There is no substantially existing art. This event, that table. This is example of all these
phenomenal objects.
Mountains, rivers, lands. Everything is same in that structure. There is nothing any personal or
especially structures at all.
All is the same way as hallucination. Therefore it is called hallucination. Hallucination, all
artificial.
It is just a form. Therefore in the Buddha's teaching, bubbles, dreams, mirages. Those are used,
those words are used to wake up us in the reality.
This is everything like this. It is there, but nature is empty, solid. And then so what is this
cling is? Thinking of this and that, this and that, all that.
It is all is mine. There is nothing really substantially is coming out to us saying, "Hey, we are
that. I am that." It is all we named.
We named, we hold, we grasping, we preserving, we teach, we spread that knowledge. That is what did
continuously.
There is no substantially existing. So therefore, the subject is empty, object is empty. All is,
that is what is called emptiness.
Emptiness is not just negation that is not there. Emptiness means there is no substantially solid,
existing.
It is like rainbow. That is what it is. This is everything this is.
And when you have that realization, glimpse of the realization or the theory of this realization,
then that is known as we establishing the views of the emptiness of the truth.
The views of the emptiness of the truth, that which we established. Because it is empty.
Relative is empty, and empty is relative truth. Both are equal. And that is why in the teaching, in
the Pandya Paramata and other teaching, or Harsutra teaching, other teachings,
the poem is emptiness. Emptiness is the poem. The poem is no other than the emptiness. Emptiness is
no other than the poems.
This Buddha said, from the life, this all the poem, I will get 12 ayatthana, 12 nadanas, and 12
interdependent ordinations, and only 5 parts, 10 bhumis. All is natural, is empty. All is empty in
status.
That means there is no substantially solid, existing status. And that also means that mind is
emptiness, our mind is emptiness, subject is emptiness, objects are emptiness.
When you have this realization, that is known as then the emptiness of the true egos.
Ego, self ego, and knowledge, or this object ego, or object identity cling, under the object, cling
on the identities.
This vogue clings, our need to be removed.